For my project, I use Java technology, SQL as RDBMS and “The Framework Design at Galaxy using Swing”.

The most of people love to play computer games, So I decided to develop CODE “Auto Code Generator ” as my project.

Now a day’s, Generating Code through Java  Advanced is very Lengthy  or complex  Process , hence  We are trying to reduce the efforts to  

generate code for newcomers .It saves our lots of Time  & efforts . For that purpose ,
gmrg'ekrjgioergj'agknarlglkadfmg'kljdflgkdf'lkjuser only needs to enter  some values to set the Size, height, width, Colour , Alignment etc. then its gives Direct Code on Text pad & Controls On UI. 

With the help of such type of application newcomers can consume their time & efforts.

We can full fill the user requirements as  well as they can make changes in it as per the requirements.

We have developed the Java Code Generator that will provide the Java Code which is useful to Java working staff ,newcomers and  Java users .
With the help of such types of application, educational institutes can do their work efficiently , smoothly and transferently .

Anyone can generate code or create Java code easily with the help of this Software.
Modules :
1.	Project Entry form :-
      Given Input –It is to Entry all Forms.
      Expected Output – All data Stored in database.
2.	 Add Project form : -
     Given Input –It is to add New Project.
     Expected Output – All data Stored in database.
3.	Add Component Form : -
     Given Input –It is to add New Project Component.
     Expected Output – All data Stored in database.
4.	Display Code form :-
     Given Input –It is to Display Project Code.
     Expected Output – All Code  Display  on Text Pad.
5.	Project Info Form : -
    Given Input –It displays all Forms & reports.
     Expected Output – All data Stored in database.
•	This Project is useful for New comers or persons who have known to Java.
•	This project generate code using Java advanced.
•	It saves our times & efforts.
•	Easy to maintain in future Projects.
If You Want T run This Project First Of All You Wan't To download the Project Files 
Then You can connect the database file to the system..
